Various documentation tweaks and improvements (#162)
maplibre/maplibre-native-qt: README.md

MapLibre Native Qt bindings and Qt Location MapLibre Plugin

> **Important notice:** Repository and code has been reorganised for Qt 6.5 support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Important notice:** the repository and code have been reorganised for Qt 6.5 support.
```

git submodule update --init --recursive
```

> (On some file systems, the submodule update may yield `Filename too long` error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(On some file systems, the submodule update may yield a `Filename too long` error
```
